in here and today we'll be teaching you
how to download moons for 1.6.2 will be
downloading these two months okay so
what you want to do is you want to get
to go press okay and then select library
then what you want to do is you want to
go old application support Oh
minecraft and then ultra versions
okay now you're in fashions you just
want to keep the Cape 1.6.2 you want
like get into it to press enter
backspace and then name it modes
press ENTER again you want to go into
that folder and you want to go to this
one point six point two point jar your
pinch off backspace and name up mods
don't jar
be careful because that is kept capital
sensitive has to be the same okay then
you won't go into this want to go in
this one point six point two dot JSON
and you want to press enter backspace
and name it mods like the others okay
when she done all you need to do let's
go into that they've been we've text
editor app and you want to name that
mods and you want to change that right
here to 2012
instead of 2013 then you good you can
just file save as version that should
change for that effect and exit that
then we want to do is you want to get
the mod stock jar order not a folder
sorry file well you want to go get info
and put under name and extension don't
see for me in the top jaw you press
Enter use it
that when you can oops
all right then you can select the most
out jaw like zip folder go open with I
cut you totally let it expand and then
we can drag that out everything and you
can delete that they've got that kind of
thing you gotta let it and the first
thing you want to do is the like tomato
INF folder so make the trash okay you're
not done yet
sit down in the video once one side
finishes okay say what you want to do
and shorter highlight all this copy 42
items and then paste place okay and we
get the other mode you guys aren't
installing another mod coffee
okay Jake's until later Jimmy died on
that photo okay here comes to the next
bit
you have to highlight it all there is a
shortcut but I forget and then
right-click all underclasses and then
you want to go compress right here
compress everything I'm not a key press
and then type in a CH and that's it
you should find that you want to drag
that out of there and then you can exit
that mm-hmm
yeah it's okay back in this photo
you can delete that bump and then I got
in there then you want to rename that by
pressing enter
backspace mods don't sit but you want to
get rid of zip and put it JA so in one
stop jar and then press enter a new jar
okay now there's a next step you want to
get into minecraft so we're just close
that and open minecraft
attention
slip that starter okay what you want to
do is you want to get in the first off
and pull it whatever you want
I'm gonna call it muttered fold up and I
want to
so let's release muds okay and then that
should be good
save a file and then you use multiple it
up by selecting a file
no it's not your mother's folder okay
you just want a login
Oh
the classroom I press Paul
you know what
I mean if you're going to the server I'm
gonna go on your boat craft here's a
said that page you will never go into it
it's a good serve it's got heaps of
plugins
no one's on at the Manor
you know I should have too many others
that have come out and I prefer writing
office of it today okay
and I should have tried okay
that is how you install mods on 1.6.2
you okay thanks for watching please like
and subscribe and maybe join the server